---
started_at: 2023-10-29T13:46:00
finished_at: 2023-10-29T13:58:00
type: results
questions: 10
correct_answers: 3
partial_answers: 3
wrong_answers: 2
errors: 2
results: 31.2
test_case: case02
---
 ##### Q: "Is there will be 1 cluster for 1 project? Do you will create namespaces: dev, stage, test or we will create it after cluster will created?"
A: Hey bro, it seems like you are asking about cluster and namespace creation in Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE). In GKE, you can create multiple clusters for different projects. Each project can have its own cluster. Regarding namespaces, you can create them after the cluster is created. Namespaces are logical partitions within a cluster that allow you to organize and isolate your resources. They can be created as needed to group related objects and separate different environments, such as dev, stage, and test. 

For more information about deploying apps to GKE and managing workloads, you can refer to the following documentation:
- [GKE Enterprise first steps](https://kb.epam.com/display/EPMPAAS/GKE+Enterprise+first+steps)
- [Deploy an app to a GKE cluster](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/deploy-app-cluster)
- [Overview of deploying workloads](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/deploying-workloads-overview)

Let me know if you need anything else.

##### Q: How to start using CloudApp?
A: Hey bro, to start using CloudApp Kubernetes Enterprise, you need to follow these steps:

1. Get familiar with Google Cloud fundamentals by completing the recommended learning paths: 
   - [Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure](https://partner.cloudskillsboost.google/course_templates/60)
   - [Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine: Foundations](https://partner.cloudskillsboost.google/course_templates/32)
   - [Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine: Workloads](https://partner.cloudskillsboost.google/course_templates/34)

2. Learn the architectural aspects of CloudApp Kubernetes Enterprise, including regions, networking, GKE Autopilot, and Anthos. You can find more details in the provided link.

3. Activate CloudApp Kubernetes Enterprise by submitting a support request. Make sure to provide the required information, such as estimated monthly cost and cluster configuration.

4. Log in to the Google Cloud console using your EPAM domain credentials.

5. Set up the gcloud CLI by installing the google-cloud-sdk and authorizing/configuring the CLI following the provided guides.

For more details and step-by-step instructions, you can refer to the [Getting started with CloudApp Kubernetes Enterprise](https://docs.cloudapp.epam.com/#/gettingstartedwithCloudAppKubernetesEnterprise) documentation.

Let me know if you need any further assistance!

##### Q: How to deploy gitlab runners? Do I need to to use it in same cluster or in external and how to provide them permissions?
A: Hey bro, to deploy GitLab runners, you can use the Kubernetes executor in your Kubernetes cluster. You don't have to use it in the same cluster, you can use it in an external cluster as well. As for providing permissions, the gitlab-runner is provisioned with API access to the namespace where it is created by default. To grant cluster-wide access or to use the runner in another namespace, you can enable `clusterWideAccess` and overwrite the Kubernetes namespace and default service account. To learn more, you can check out the official GitLab documentation on how to [overwrite the Kubernetes namespace](https://docs.gitlab.com/runner/executors/kubernetes.html#overwrite-the-kubernetes-namespace) and [overwrite the Kubernetes default service account](https://docs.gitlab.com/runner/executors/kubernetes.html#overwrite-the-kubernetes-default-service-account).

##### Q: Is there will be available EPAM Vault integration?
A: Hey bro, EPAM Vault integration is not mentioned in the provided document. I couldn't find any information about EPAM Vault integration.

##### Q: What regions are available for deploying clusters?
A: Hey bro, you can deploy clusters in different regions using Google Kubernetes Engine Enterprise (Anthos). The available regions may vary depending on the cloud provider. For more information, you can refer to the GKE documentation on deploying clusters: [Deploy an app to a GKE cluster](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/deploy-app-cluster).

##### Q: What benefits of using GKE autopilot clusters?
A: Hey bro, some benefits of using GKE autopilot clusters include:
- Simplified management: Google handles the management of nodes and node groups, reducing the administrative burden on the client.
- Efficient resource utilization: Unused resources are automatically managed by Google, resulting in cost savings for the client.
- Auto-scaling: Autopilot clusters automatically scale resources based on workload demands, ensuring optimal performance.
- Enhanced security: Autopilot clusters are configured with recommended security settings by default, reducing the risk of vulnerabilities.
- Simplified workload placement: Autopilot provides easier workload placement options, such as selecting compute classes, specifying zones for pods, using spot instances, and utilizing affinity and anti-affinity rules. 
For more detailed information, you can check out the [GKE Autopilot documentation](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/autopilot-overview).

##### Q: What about common resources like container registry, logging, identity platform? Do you will create it for each project or it will be one for all project?
A: Hey bro, for common resources like container registry, logging, and identity platform, it depends on your project setup. You can either create one for all projects or create separate ones for each project. It would be best to refer to the project documentation or consult with your project team to determine the best approach.

##### Q: What components will be available after cluster will be created? Prometheus, alert-manager gitops (flux/argo)?
A: Hey bro, to answer your question, Prometheus, alert-manager, gitops (flux/argo) components will be available after the cluster is created.

##### Q: What you recommend to read for studying GCP?
A: Hey bro, for studying GCP, I recommend starting with the Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure course. Here is the link to access it: [Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure](https://partner.cloudskillsboost.google/course_templates/60).

##### Q: Is there any modules for working with DB?
A: Hey bro, yes there are modules available for working with databases. Some popular ones are:

- [Mongoose](https://mongoosejs.com/): An Object Data Modeling (ODM) library for MongoDB and Node.js.
- [Sequelize](https://sequelize.org/): A promise-based ORM for Node.js that supports various databases such as PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQLite, and more.
- [Knex.js](https://knexjs.org/): A SQL query builder for Node.js that supports multiple databases including PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQLite, and others.

You can check out the documentation for each of these modules to get started with working with databases in your Node.js projects.

